[Dishes clanging in distance]
Dwight: Voilà.
Eggs a la scrambled.
And, uh...
found some hot sauce
in the cupboard.
I love
breakfast for dinner.
Last one.
Damn bubonic plague
couldn't even keep us apart.
Nuh-unh.
[Chuckles]
♪♪
You took
them out again?
Oh. Yeah.
I forgot a lot of the places
that I wrote 'em.
Yeah.
They're what
kept me going.
Even if
it was one-way.
[Chuckles]
We were connected.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
First one
you ever left me,
you said...
you loved
who I used to be.
You said
you were sorry
for turning me into
the man I was.
♪♪
Hey.
You know,
no matter where I was...
or what I was doing,
I wanted to make sure
that when I found you,
I was that man
you first fell in love with.
So you wouldn't have anything
to feel sorry about.
[Chuckles]
♪♪
Yeah,
that's why I kept 'em all.
♪♪
Hey.
Hill: Dwight, Althea,
do you copy?
♪♪
Do you copy?
[Sighs]
Damnit.
What?
[Groans]
Do. You. Copy?
Check-in was
an hour ago.
I thought Al
was covering for you.
Yeah, she is.
She's supposed to be.
Hey, Hill.
We copy.
You missed check-in.
Yeah,
I'm sorry about that.
We were --
Uh, there was a herd out on 183.
Took a while
to get 'em cleared.
Ginny wants you to head back
with the tapes.
Well, we were gonna, uh,
check out some off-map spots.
Nothing off-map.
You know the drill.
It'll be
worth our while.
[Static]
It better be,
or it's your ass.
Report back
in 48 hours.
Copy that.
[Sighs]
Al, she must have gone
out of range or something.
Well, should we
go look for her?
No, no, no, no.
No, I'll, uh...
I'll go
when the sun's up.
I don't -- I don't want you
getting mixed up in this.
I already am.
Until we figure out
how to get out of this.
Oh, I've got it
figured out.
[Chuckles]
Oh, yeah?
We can run away.
D...[Scoffs]
She hunts people down.
Not if
she thinks we're dead.
Well,
she'll find us.
No, no, no.
There's gotta be a place
where she won't.
Hey.
We got back
to each other.
If we can do that,
we can do
damn near anything.
[Chuckles]
[Sighs]
I can't run away,
D.
I'm sorry.
What are you
talking about?
I just can't.
Where are you going?
You found the hot sauce,
but you forgot the fork.
[Chuckles]
Shit.
[Silverware clangs]
[Door creaks]
Honey?
[Clattering, wind whistling]
[Door creaks, closes]
[Wind whistling]
Hello?
Who's in here?
[Clattering]
[Banging on door]
[Papers rustling]
[Banging continues]
Sherry?
[Metal creaking]
[Floorboards creaking]
[Gasps]
Sherry!
♪♪
[Screams]
[Dwight panting]
♪♪
[Dog barking in distance]
Where is she?
♪♪
Sherry!
Honey!
♪♪
[Grunts]
No!
No! Hey!
Now you tell me
where my wife is!
[Dog barks]
Or I put a hole
in your skull!
Tell me!
♪♪
[Guns cock]
[Dog barks]
♪♪
[Gun cocks]
Sherry: Hey!
It's okay, D.
Sherry?
What's going on?
Huh? Who the hell
are these people?
Sherry: I'm sorry
they brought you in this way.
And I know how it looks.
But I wouldn't be alive
if it wasn't for them.
Huh?
You can take them off
and lower the guns.
They're all
Virginia's outcasts.
People she didn't think
were good enough
to hide
behind her walls.
People she was
gonna kill.
We can't let rangers
see who they are.
Come on,
I mean it!
We can trust him.
Why didn't you tell me
about them?
I didn't think you'd want
to be a part of it.
A part of what?
We're trying
to bring her down.
You spent enough time fighting
against people like her.
I wanted
to keep you out of it.
Afraid that isn't up to you,
sweetheart.
They don't exactly welcome
new people with open arms.
This is why you didn't want
to run away with me.
Maybe some of us
can get away now, but...
not all of us.
Now tell us where
Virginia's gonna be next?
I don't know.
[Gun cocks]You're full of shit.
I said
I don't know.He's telling the truth,
Ozzie.
I don't buy
a word he says!
Al: Camera A, location 731,
day 4, 1600 hours.
Dwight:
Yeah, let's roll.
Oswald: Proof of
your little mission.
He can explain --He was working for her!
Only explanation I care about
is where she's gonna be.
And where did you
get that?
Dwight, whatever they say,
don't do it.
Al.
[Device beeps]
We just needed
some insurance to...
ensure your cooperation.
Hey, we may have "worked"
for Ginny,
but that doesn't mean
we enjoy it, all right?
Where is she going to be?I don't know!
I said that!
I give the signal...
and they'll be scrubbing
your friend's brains
off the tiles
for weeks.
5...
Don't do this.
Sherry: Ozzie --
...4...3...
Come on!
...2...Virginia doesn't tell us shit
about what she does, all right?
...1!
Man: Stop!
♪♪
What the hell
are you doing?
Getting answers
from him.
Not like that
you won't.
♪♪
Rollie.
[Chuckles]
I'll be damned.
I'll be damned,
indeed.
You two
know each other?
Remember the guy
I told you about?
One that
saved my life?
It was Dwight?
Twice, actually.
I'd been at Tank Town
with Logan...No, I know, I know.
I was there.
I told you,
I was trying to...
change.
Oswald: They were working
for Ginny.
You're just gonna trust 'em
'cause you go way back?
I was working
for Ginny once, too, so...
let his friend go.
And whatever you're trying
to get out of him...
it can wait.
♪♪
We gotta roll out.
SWAT van Virginia's
rolling around in,
it's gonna pass by
old Durham Road.
Now's our chance.Chance for what?
Hail Mary.
Throw everything we got at it
in one shot.
Without the van,
its guns,
we might actually have a shot
at bringing her down.
If we do that,
we could be together, D.
We don't have to be looking
over our shoulder every minute.
Al: Dwight.
Al.
You okay?
I'll be fine. Listen,
you can't blow up the van.
♪♪
Wanna bet?
No, it's --
it's a Caiman Series MRAP.
As in Mine Resistant
Ambush Protected,
designed to stand up
to IED blasts
like they're speed bumps.
That's not
gonna do shit.
How do you know
all that?
Because it's my MRAP.
Look, if you really want
to take down Virginia,
you don't destroy
something like that.
♪♪
You steal it.
[Horse snorts]
♪♪
I'm all refueled,
heading back.
Hill: Copy that.
Bring her to Lawton.
We'll head out
from there.
Yeah, copy.
ETA, 8 hours.
♪♪
The hell?
Hill?
Goddammit.
♪♪
Shit.
Are we really
doing this?!
Stay close!
The guns kick high!
And ride like hell.
Not today, cowboys.
♪♪
Let's do it!
[Gunfire]
[Horse neighs]
♪♪
Come on!
Dwight:
Now! Now!
♪♪
Hyah!
[Indistinct shouting]
♪♪
You're out of ammo!
[Engine revs]
♪♪
[Grunts]
[Tires screech]
♪♪
[Grunts]
[Tires screech]
[Engine revs]
♪♪
[Groans]
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Horse neighs]
[Gun cocks]Dwight:
You're out of bullets.
I'm not.
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Tires screech]
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Brakes squeal]
[Panting]
[Grunts]
Sherry:
You all right?
He got away.
Al:
He saw your face?Yeah, I know.
If he gets back
to Virginia...I know.
[Grunts]
♪♪
No way...Sherry:
Who is that?
You save his life, too?
♪♪
Kinda the opposite,
actually.
♪♪
Morgan:
You lose something?
[Chuckles]
'Cause I think
I found it.
♪♪
You do realize
I'm gonna have to interview you
about that, right?
You can ask me
whatever you want
once we get settled.
We got your message.
We thought
you were dead.
Well, you know I don't die,
Dwight.
[Chuckles]
[Brakes hiss]
She shot me --
Virginia did.
Left me bleeding.
How did you survive?
Well,
somebody saved me.
Who?I'm not sure.
So you're telling me
you've been riding around here
like the Lone Ranger,
and you didn't think
we'd want to know?
I had to keep you in the dark
to protect you.
Things've changed since
that night at the Gulch.
Yeah, no shit.
[Chuckles]
How long's it been
since you found each other?
Little over a week.
And Virginia
had nothing to do with it.
I'm happy for you,
Dwight.
Thanks.
But I -- I couldn't have
found her without Al.
[Chuckles]
And how long has she been
with these folk?
A few months.
Most of 'em were kicked out
of where they were
by Virginia
or on the run from her.
They're better off
than the ones left behind.
But you don't know
where everybody else is?
Not really.
We've been on the road mostly.
Get close to settlements
when we make a drop
or resupply, but...
So you don't know
where Grace is?
Or how she's doing?
Sorry, Morgan.
It's all right.
We'll --
We'll find her.
We'll find everybody.
Yeah.
[Chuckles]
That's right.
♪♪
[Crickets chirping]
[Dog barks]
Hold on.
There you go.
Hey, what's the story
with that dog?
Found it near a wildlife
sanctuary some months ago.
Started tossing it scraps --
been with us ever since.
We think
it's got a little wolf in it.
[Dog barks]
[Chuckles]
It likes you.
We may have had our differences
in the past.
After what you did
for us today, well...
I'd go so far
as to consider us friends.
Appreciate
your hospitality.
What were you doing
out there?
Were you tracking
the MRAP, too?
I was looking for somebody
I thought might be in it.
I'll be honest,
though...
I'm glad
I found all of you.
Why's that?
'Cause I'm
building something.
Found somewhere
where Virginia won't be able
to find us.
I just need people
like yourselves
to help make it
what it can be.
We don't need a place
where Virginia can't find us,
because she'll be dead.
We've got the MRAP.
We've got everything we need
to take her out.
Sherry's right.
You don't sit on
a weapon like that
unless you intend
to use it.
Yeah, things may have to
come to that.
But now is not the right time
to strike at Virginia.
Now's the perfect time.
She has no idea we have
this kind of firepower.
That doesn't mean you need
to use it, does it?
Sherry: Look, Dwight told me
that you think
that all life
is precious,
but this
is different.
If one life controls
so many others, we --
We're all gonna
have to do things
that we might not
have done before.
But I have
been through a war
that took too long to end
and took too many lives.
So has your husband.
Our friends are still inside
Virginia's communities.
I'm sure you got people
that you care about
who are there, too.
If you strike
and it doesn't break your way,
you'll be putting them all
in a lot of danger.
You just
want to make sure
we can
get out people out first.
Yeah, but not until
they got somewhere to go,
until this place that
I'm trying to build is ready.
This place I'm talking about,
I'm going there tomorrow,
and you can come
or not come.
But the only thing
I'm asking --
do not make a move
against Virginia
until the time
is right.
Please.
You want
to go with him?
Look,
Morgan and Al...
...they're like family.
And they're a big part
of the reason why
I am
who I am right now.
[Chuckles]
Wasn't Morgan's last plan
the reason you ended up
inside Ginny's walls?
[Sighs]
We wanted a place
to disappear to.
I say
we give it a shot.
We go there,
and then we wait
to take on Virginia
when the time is right --
When is that
gonna be?
Look, I appreciate
what Morgan is trying to do,
but we already have
our own plan.
Right here,
right now.
[Sighs]
D, the only way
to have what we want
is to take her out.
G-Go with him
if you want.
[Scoffs]
But I'm not
leaving these people
until Virginia's dead.
[Sighs]
♪♪
Then we do this
right now.
♪♪
'Cause I'm not leaving
without you.
♪♪
♪ Wake up each morning with
your sweet kiss on my mind♪
♪ Early morning stars
shining through♪
♪♪
Turn it off.
♪ Like a warm summer breeze♪
[Music stops]
[Sighs]
Now I'm gonna
ask you again --
where is
Virginia gonna be next?
[Sighs]
And I'm gonna
tell you again --
I don't know.
I think
you have a lot of guts
to not speak up
like this.
But you're gonna need
a little more.
[Bucket scrapes,
liquid sploshes]
[Groans]
What the hell?
You think
this is gonna make me talk?
No. [Chuckles]
Bring him in!
[Dog growls]
But he might.
[Dog barking]
So...
where is Virginia
gonna be next?
If you kill me,
you got nothing.
Wrong.
Looks like
I got one happy dog.
♪♪
What the hell did she do
to you assholes?
Cat got your tongue,
sweetheart?
Don't talk to her.
Don't even look at her.
What's the matter,
man?
I touch a nerve?
I will kill you.
Bullshit.
Oh.
I can see why
you wear a mask.
Ohh!
[Groans]
[Barking continues]
You see,
now you've seen my face.
So I can't let you go back
to anyone you care about --
unless you want to help us
deal with Virginia first.
So I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
♪♪
Where is Virginia
gonna be?
♪♪
You're the asshole
with the chess pieces.
[Chuckles]
What the hell
happened to you?
I saw you
on the tape.
In the truck stop?
Oh, wow.Yeah.
Who would've thought
you had this in you?
But don't get me wrong --
I like this guy
a hell of a lot better.
[Barking continues]
[Grunts]
No,
he doesn't know anything.
Let him eat!
[Dog growls]
No!
Aah! Aah!
Stop!
Stop it, D!
♪♪
Stop!
What the hell
is happening here, Dwight?
[Dog growls]
[Sighs]
Just asking questions.
Seems like he doesn't have
the answers you're looking for.
I need a word,
Dwight.
[Footsteps depart]
Morgan: I asked you,
Dwight.
I'll beg you
if I gotta beg you,
but you gotta wait
to take on Virginia.
We may not get
another chance.
You could be putting all the
people we care about in danger!
Then I'll make sure
we don't miss!
All right? You don't
think Virginia would
use that against us?
Yeah, she would,
and she has,
but that still don't make now
the right time.
Right is what got us here
in the first place, Morgan!
What the hell
is that supposed to mean?
You say you've got a place
where we can be safe...
where you can
help protect us?
Right.
But we've
heard it before.
Why is the place
that you're building right now
any different?
'Cause I'mdifferent.
'Cause we're gonna
do things different.
I'm sorry.
But Sherry's right.
Nothing's gonna be different
until Virginia's gone.
And I can't
let you do this.
Well, I  am doing this.
I am.
And we both know
that if Grace
was asking you to do this,
you would do
the exact same thing.
♪♪
Shit.
[Thunder rumbles]
He talk you
out of it?
No.
Rollie: You want me
to get the dog back out?
No, there other ways
to get him to talk.
What ways are those?
Ways that'll
make him wish
that we were
still using the dog.
[Thunder rumbles]
We don't need to find out
where Virginia's going to be.
What are you
talking about?
We can make her
come to us.
No. No, she'll smell that coming
from a mile away.
Sherry: No.
Not if it's coming from
her own people.
Okay.
Isn't it about time
for your next check-in, D?
[Thunder rumbles]
Rollie: Get Ginny
to make an appearance
like she did
when she took Tank Town.
That's a good idea.
Dwight: Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
♪♪
Hey, Hill,
do you copy?
Hill: Dwight?
You're late.
I-I know.
Um, we found a --
a place near site 1811.
There's still
living people there.
Copy.
How many?Over a hundred.
And, uh,
we want to make sure
Virginia makes
the first overture.
♪♪
Stay put.
We'll be there
by nightfall.
♪♪
I think it'll be all right,
honey.
Soon enough,
this'll all be behind us.
So, you just
pull the lever?
Yeah,
but sometimes it sticks.
What's wrong?
Were you really gonna
let the dog kill that guy?
Uh, I had to make him
think I was.
Is that
what you did?
What you
had to do before?
Back at
the Sanctuary.
Never worked,
but I had to try.
Did you?
We can't take chances
with anybody
who might
screw this up for us,
and that's including
Morgan and Al.
What does that mean?
It means
I may have to sideline them
until this is done.
I thought that you said
that they were like your family.
Yeah,
they are like my family.
You're right.
Youare my family.
And I'm not
gonna let anybody
get in the way
of what I have to do.
What  you have to do?
When Virginia gets here,
I'm gonna kill her myself.
We're still gonna
try and steal it, right?
I told them
TNT wouldn't do shit.
I lied.
Worse comes to worst,
I can take out
the steering column, at least.
Listen, I couldn't
suss out any gas reserves,
so we better hope
whatever's in the tank
gets us
out of range.
Otherwise...Otherwise what?
We're gonna
blow up the MRAP?
It shouldn't
come to that, but yeah.
If they
screw this up,
our people
will pay the cost.
Al.
I knew you would try
something like this.
Listen.
Going after Ginny
half-cocked like this,
it's not gonna work.
We have to get a message
to our people.You're wrong.
You're gonna
make it worse.
No, I've tried it
your way, Morgan.
This time,
we're doing it my way.
Hey.
Dwight,
it's not your call.
Oswald: No.
[Gun cocks]It's ours.
♪♪
Okay.
Go on.
♪♪
Rollie:
Driver's still out cold.
♪♪
Come on.
Sorry.
Are you?
No.
No, I'm not.
But we both
want the same thing.
Hell,
maybe Ginny does, too,
when you
think about it.
We all want our own lives
under our own rules.
So there's a fight.
And somebody's
gotta lose.
You okay?
What are you doing?
Make sure
he stays in there, too.
W-What?
W-What are you
talking about?
♪♪
I-I can't have you
be a part of this, D.
No,
I ama part of this --
you told me
you don't want me to have
anything to be sorry about.
And this is
the only way.
No, that's --
I won't let you become
the person you used to be.
♪♪
Get off me.
More!
[Brakes squealing]
Stop!
[Brakes hiss]
♪♪
Oswald:
Get into position now.
How far off?
Should be here
in 10 minutes.
♪♪
You were right.
You know,
taking Ginny out now is...
[Sighs]
It's not
the right time.
I wanted
to be with her so bad.
I thought
this was what she needed.
May have to figure out
what she needs for herself.
You know,
I spent so long
thinking that my way
is the only way,
I didn't realize
the trouble it was causing me
or any of you.
That was different.
Was it?
Didn't realize
I needed to change
until it was almost
too late.
Me and you both.
[Grunts]
What are you doing?
Making sure she doesn't have to
go through what we did.
♪♪
They're here.
They're headed
towards the gates.
♪♪
[Brakes squeal]
Eyes up.
Dwight just
got the jump on Mike.
He's gonna burn us.
Sherry --
you're about to have company.
What? Who?
♪♪
Honey?
What are you
doing here?
Same thing
you were trying to do for me
when you put me
in that pool.
[Brakes squeal]
♪♪
Virginia ain't
with them.
[Sighs]
Goddamnit.
♪♪
Hill: Al?
Dwight?
Where the hell
are you?
♪♪
They're in
the target zone.
We can still
take them out.
Roll into Ginny's
and get it done.
♪♪
Hey, you do this
and you don't kill her,
those people
I was telling you about,
they could
end up dead, too.
All right? We wait,
we work with them, we can --
Rollie: Sherry.
Sherry.
♪♪
It's not
gonna work out
the way
you think it's going to.
W-Well,
somebody has to do something.
We can't just
let him keep doing --
Him?
♪♪
Sherry,
it's now or never.
I repeat --
♪♪
Hey.Shh!
You said didn't want me
to turn into
someone that I hated.
I don't want that
for you, either.
Althea, Dwight --
if you're listening,
there better be
a damn good reason for this.
Let's move!
♪♪
Hey.
[Tires squeal]
♪♪
It's gonna be okay,
honey.
You had to do that!
You had to
make it hard!
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Knock on door]
[Sighs] Not now.
[Door opens]
Hey.
What did Ginny do
to you?
It's not a-about Ginny.
It never was.
This is about Negan.
I could have
done something.
A hundred times,
and I-I-I didn't.
This ain't then.
Hey,
we can't change the past.
Not me or you.
♪♪
Hey,
I want to be with you
more than anyone
in the world.
But not like this.
Because of
what happened before,
people trying
to change us
into something
we weren't.
And I'm not
gonna stand around
and watch that
happen again.
[Sighs]
♪♪
Then you need
to leave.
♪♪
Honey --
No.
I need this.
There's the truth.
That's who I am.
But you're right.
We -- We can't change
who we are.
At least youcan't.
Because you...
♪♪
You actually remind me
of who you used to be...
before all of this.
♪♪
So go...
[Chuckles] I'm not --
I said go!
[Sighs]
♪♪
[Dog barks]
Hey.
♪♪
They took off
with her driver.
How is she?
Not good.
I don't think
she's gonna be for a while.
Come with us,
Dwight.
[Scoffs]
Are you really gonna
take out Ginny?
I am. Yeah.
I mean, we are.
And we're gonna need
more than that -- that van.
You found your way
back to her.
She'll find her way
back to you.
Yeah.
I'm gonna need your hat
and jacket.
[Walker growling]
Duck.
Sure they're gonna
find him out here?
Rangers patrol the roads
around here every day.
Say when.
Good?Yeah.
[Growling continues]
Hey. Hey!
Come here.
Here.
Come on.
Al: Morgan, I have some people
I want you to meet.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy there.
We gotta stop saying hi
like this.
Dwight,
what's going on?
Well,
we were looking for a place
for you folks
to settle down...
And we think
we found one.
With a little help
from a friend.
Can we trust him?
Yeah.
Yeah, we can.
I should warn you, though,
the place I'm taking you...
there's quite a bit of work
to do.
♪♪
Let's get to work.
Yeah?
Nora: Yeah.
Y'all, come on.Let's go.
Come on.Thank you.
♪♪
I'll catch up.